Fix issues 27 and 30 (#50)
trypear/pearai-app: README.md

# Pear: The Best AI-Powered Code Editor

> Speed up your development with an editor integrated with AI. PearAI is forked from VSCode, and aims to reduce the time from ideation to conception for your product development by achieving the most seamless integration with AI. By developers, for developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supercharge your development with an editor designed for less coding, using AI. PearAI is forked from VSCode, and aims to reduce the time from ideation to conception for your product development by achieving the most seamless integration with AI.
```

Author: Made the change
